Let's see CloudWatch in action.
From the AWS management console,
type CloudWatch and click on it.
From the left-hand menu navigation,
let's click on "Logs".
Notice I have a lot of logs.
One thing that is neat,
within each log group after AWS,
it shows the service.
So in this case,
the user logs from the Connect service connect as the Cloud call center.
Here, I have logs from Green Grass that allows AWS services
to run at the edge on IoT devices like the AWS deep lens.
If you keep scrolling,
you'll see lambda logs.
Lastly, you'll see logs from Sage maker.
This is the machine learning service.
Let's look at the logs for one of my lambda functions.
Let's pick this one.
The log for my word jumble Alexis skill.
Here again there are several logs.
Let's just click on the first one.
Let's scroll through.
Notice here there is
just generic logging information about when the Alexis skill was invoked.
But notice here I am actually writing this out from my lambda function,
and in this case,
it shows the particular level that the user has reached in the word jumble game,
in this case, 28.
Logging is very helpful when you're supporting
an application or even when you're in active development.
CloudWatch really helps with that.
So this was a quick look at CloudWatch and a few sample logs.